Document -Zmiri-compare-exchange-weak-failure-rate (#1693)
rust-lang/miri: README.md

  can recognize false positives by "<untagged>" occurring in the message -- this
  indicates a pointer that was cast from an integer, so Miri was unable to track
  this pointer.

> * `-Zmiri-compare-exchange-weak-failure-rate=<rate>` changes the failure rate of

Reviewer: Please keep the list alphabetically sorted.

Author: done

>   weak atomic operations. The default is `0.8` (so 4 out of 5 weak ops will fail.

Reviewer: "weak atomic" is ambiguous, this could also refer to "weak memory", i.e., "everything except for `SeqCst`.
```suggestion
  `compare_exchange_weak` operations. The default is `0.8` (so 4 out of 5 weak ops will fail.
```
